[FIX] Inventory: Fixing reordering rules navigation (#11605)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/replenishment/reordering_rules.rst

:guilabel:`New` to configure a new :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

.. image:: reordering_rules/bom-smart-button.png
   :alt: The Bill of Materials smart button on a product form.

Create new reordering rules
===========================

To create a new reordering rule, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Replenishment`, then click :guilabel:`New`,
and fill out the following fields for the new reordering rule line item:

- :guilabel:`Product`: The product that is replenished by the rule.
- :guilabel:`On Hand`: The number of units currently available in inventory.
- :guilabel:`Forecast`: The number of units expected to be available in inventory after all orders

>   are taken into account.

Reviewer: I like that you added more context to the UI here. I think for this particular operation, the **On Hand** and **Forecast** values are not editable for a **New** rule line (on my screen it's grayed out and the cursor goes right to the **Route** field, screenshot below)...

![Screenshot 2024-12-18 at 4 54 46 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0963aff9-ec53-47ee-b4fc-b5f3ed0d76dc)

...which, makes sense since **Route** **Min Quantity** **Max Quantity** and **To Order** are the inputs directly tied to the RR, whereas the other two are more closely tied to making an inventory adjustment.

My suggestion is to remove these list items, or optionally add a **see also** admonition that points to any relevant docs on how to make an inventory adjustment.

- :guilabel:`Route`: The

>   :doc:`manufacturing route <../../shipping_receiving/daily_operations/use_routes>` for this product

Reviewer: Suggestion to rename this to something inventory or warehouse-specific, since in some business cases manufacturing is not involved in their ops, such as with product resellers.

```suggestion
  :doc:`supply-chain route <../../shipping_receiving/daily_operations/use_routes>` for this product
```

- :guilabel:`Min Quantity`: The minimum quantity that can be forecasted without the rule being
  triggered. When forecasted stock falls below this number, a replenishment order for the product is
  created.
- :guilabel:`Max Quantity`: The maximum quantity at which the stock is replenished.
- :guilabel:`To Order`: The number of units, according to the *UoM* that should be replenished for
  this reordering rule.
- :guilabel:`UoM`: The *unit of measurement* used for reordering the product. This value can simply
  be `Units` or a more specific unit of measurement for weight, length, etc.

> Additional fields can be accessed by clicking the

Reviewer: Good suggestion.
Can throw that in a **Tip** admonition if you like to add a splash of color to the page 😉
